Feat(content): add unfettered related hai news (#9756)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai news.txt

		word
			`"`

news "hai attacked by pirates"
	location
		government "Hai"
	to show

> 		random < 1

Author: bc 2 of them say pirates attacked them but I'll make those less likely instead ur right

			"No wonder you have so many pirates in your space, with those fragile freighters you have. So much cargo with so little protection is pure madness! That is why I love humans."
		word
			`"`

news "hai joining unfettered"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Hai civilian"
			"Hai youth"
	to show
		random < 5
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Apparently our brothers and sisters to the north are in need of help. I may go there someday."
			"Some very big things are going to happen in Unfettered space, and I wish to be a part of them!"
			"I have lost everything... I knew I should not have taken that big loan. I will be heading to Unfettered space for a new life now."
			"I come from Unfettered space. The Hai there are quite energetic and friendly once you get to know them, but I could not stand the poor living conditions."
			"Have you heard? The art in Unfettered space is ever-changing, never dull. I wish I could go there and see it in person."

> 			"Art in Unfettered space is very different from here. We could learn a lot from it."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Art in Unfettered space is less stagnant than here. We could learn a lot from it."
```

Just a bit more specific and more evocative.

Alternatively could do something like "more diverse."

Or both, either in separate entires or together in one. :)

Author: both
both is good ^^

			"My music is not appreciated here. I guess I'll be going to Unfettered space to see how they like it. I heard their taste is more... developed."
		word
			`"`

news "hai joining unfettered"
	location
		government "Hai (Unfettered)"
	name
		word
			"Hai merchant"
	to show
		has "Unfettered Jump Drive 1: done"
		random < 30
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"So many people need relocation. I have made it my job to carry them around, asking for little if anything in return. Some are Hai going into Unfettered space because they have lost themselves."

> 			"With the rumors of action soon here in the north, the demand for transportation has greatly increased. I cannot possibly fit all of them. Time to buy a new ship, I guess."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"With the rumors of action soon here in the north, the demand for transportation has greatly increased. I cannot possibly fit all of them. Time to buy a larger ship, I guess."
```

Again, just a bit more specific.

			"Pirates destroyed the human ship my children were on. They were always curious about the humans, and look where that got them! I will join the Unfettered; they are right."
			"Human ships are so frail... My sister was on one, and she told me it lost all of its shields in a few shots! Thankfully, human weapons are not that strong either, so they were able to escape." 3
			"You call these human vessels ships? They just barely protect against the void. Given the danger of human space, I would expect humans to have more heavy transports that can at least try to defend themselves, such as the Behemoth!" 2
			"No wonder you have so many pirates in your space, with those fragile freighters you have. So much cargo with so little protection is pure madness! That is why I love humans." 3
		word
			`"`

news "hai joining unfettered"
	location
		government "Hai"
	name
		word
			"Hai civilian"
			"Hai youth"
	to show
		random < 30
	message
		word
			`"`
		word
			"Apparently our brothers and sisters to the north are in need of help. I may go there someday." 2
			"Some very big things are going to happen in Unfettered space, and I wish to be a part of them!" 2

> 			"I have lost everything... I knew I should not have taken that big loan. I will be heading to Unfettered space for a new life now." 2

Reviewer 2: The last sentence of this sounds a little blunt. Perhaps:
```suggestion
			"I have lost everything... I knew I should not have taken that big loan. There is nothing left for me now except to go to Unfettered space for a new life." 2
```
